Update customer-lockbox-requests.md (#2459)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/customer-lockbox-requests.md

1. Using a work or school account that has either the global administrator or the **Customer Lockbox access approver** role assigned, go to [https://admin.microsoft.com](https://admin.microsoft.com) and sign in.

2. Choose **Settings > Org Settings**.

> 3. Click **Services** and Click on **Customer Lockbox**, Then choose **Edit**, and then move the toggle to **On** or **Off** to turn the feature on or off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select **Services** > **Customer Lockbox** > **Edit**, and then move the toggle to **On** or **Off** to turn the feature on or off.
```
